An early role model for me would have been, his name is Ronald Jester,
he was a GM mechanic. I was, I guess freshman, sophomore in high school
and he is somebody that found me at one of the buildings that I
was that. I was speaking German with my brother and because I used
to live in Germany, I could speak it, you know, like, a little bit and
he was, you know, German origin. He went to German church and he's
downstairs in the basement of this building, you know, kind of, tutoring
other black kids and he was very interested and like, "Hey, I
hear the language of my family. What is this, you know, in this place?"
and he was like, "Those two black kids over there are talking."
That really freaked him out. "So, tell me about your story" and we
kind of told him about where we lived and about our mom and our dad
and, you know, how we bounced around from place to place and spoke a
little bit of German. So, he could understand that we're kind of bright.
So, he said, "Hey, you know, why don't you come over to my place?
You know, come to our German church" and, you know, like, and he
introduced us around and that's how it started. So, his family was
white, his mom and dad obviously really raised him to be, you know,
a very respectable young man in the community. You know, he had his
own house, he was 26. Three bedroom house and it was really nice and
clean and you know, it's something that we really weren't used to,
you know, back in my family. I guess I had my sister, she was ten years
older than me, she was 26 as well, you know, she had a couple of
kids and my mom, you know, she was divorced, so, like, it was all of
us living in this one house and, you know it's like really cramped
and it wasn't exactly dirty but it was very, in an impoverished area
but he lived in Grand Blanc, Michigan which is a nicer part of, you
know, Michigan and, you know, everyone has gone to college and the
church, you know, everyone was like a community. It's very, two different
aspects of life. So, that's the first person that I actually
saw that really inspired me, really taught me the difference between
what education is and what your life could be if you didn't have education.
So, you could say that he was one of my first role models.